README.md, before:

# _Solar Age Calculator_

#### By _**Kaya Jepson**_

## Description

_A program that will determines a user’s age based on a planet’s solar years._

| Behavior | Input | Output |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| The program should take in a birthday and calculate the age in Earth years | 01/01/1990 | 29 |
| The program should take in an Earth age and return it in Mercury years | 29 | 120 |
| The program should take in an Earth age and return it in Venus years |29 | 46 |
| The program should take in an Earth age and return it in Mars years | 29 | 15 |
| The program should take in an Earth age and return it in Jupiter years | 29 | 2 |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone project from github_
* _view code in text editor if necessary_
* _any text inside quotations ("") should be performed inside your terminal._
* _install packages with "npm install"_
* _"npm run start"_

## Known Bugs

_None_

## Support and contact details

_No support offered_

## Technologies Used

_C#_

### License

Copyright <2019> <Kaya Jepson>

Commit message:

add expectancy for all planets

README.md, after:

# _Solar Age Calculator_

#### By _**Kaya Jepson**_

## Description

_A program that will determines a user’s age based on a planet’s solar years._

| Behavior | Input | Output |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| The program should take in a birthday and calculate the age in Earth years | 01/01/1990 | 29 |
| The program should take in an Earth age and return it in Mercury years | 29 | 120 |
| The program should take in an Earth age and return it in Venus years |29 | 46 |
| The program should take in an Earth age and return it in Mars years | 29 | 15 |
| The program should take in an Earth age and return it in Jupiter years | 29 | 2 |
| The program should take in a gender and return life expectancy (based on age: 29) | female | 55 years |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone project from github_
* _view code in text editor if necessary_
* _any text inside quotations ("") should be performed inside your terminal._
* _install packages with "npm install"_
* _"npm run start"_

## Known Bugs

_None_

## Support and contact details

_No support offered_

## Technologies Used

_C#_

### License

Copyright <2019> <Kaya Jepson>
